Bloodlines Antitribu v. 1.0.0

As it has always been the case, anyone that needs anything and wants to reuse in his mod it is free to do so. We believe in a big and healthy community and that is only achievable through sacrifice and selflessness. We learned from the best - Dheu (the creator of Companion Mod) whom completely devoted himself to bloodlines modding without asking for anything in return. Also from other modding communities such as Skyrim and Mass Effect that have a healthy and helping community working together. We hope to have something like that one day in Bloodlines. and that everyone can be friends and colleagues working Towards a singular goal.

If you would like to use something from our mod drop me an email on Marvin@RavaFX.com - however do note that our answer is mostly likely yes. Just dont forget to give credit where its due.

    The following games and movies inspired us to make the mod. Their images and materials were used in the mod:

    Games with vampiric themes:

        Vampire The Masquerade - redemption
        Bloodrayne
        Bloodrayne 2
        LoK: Blood omen
        LoK: Blood omen 2
        LoK: Soul reaver
        LoK: Soul reaver 2
        LoK: Defiance


    Games on Source:

        Half-life 2 + ep1 +ep2
        Sin episodes: emergence
        CS: source


    Other games:

        Condemned: criminal origins
        Call of cthulchu: dark corners of Earth
        Heroes of might and magic III
        Disciples 2
        Disciples 3
        Fallout: new vegas
        Resident Evil 4
        Nosferatu: the wrath of malachi
        Clive Barker Jericho
        Blade of darkness
        Mass Effect 2
        Mortal Kombat III


    Other Mods:

        Cry of Fear
        No More Room in Hell
        Nightmare House 2


    Movies:

        Mad Max 2: Road warrior (1981)
        Revenge of the Ninja (1983)
        Terminator (1984)
        Highlander (1986)
        Aliens (1986)
        Terminator 2 (1991)
        Bram Stoker's Dracula (1992)


    Credits:
    Main Creators of the mod:

        Lenusk@
        Mv

    Testers and Helpers:

        Nasty Wet Smear
        Malachite
        GenericUsername
        Flinx


    Also Special Thanks to:

        Dheu
        burgermeister01

    Whom we owe so much for selflessly helping us and the community of modders. They understood the core concept of making a mod and share it with the world. They thought us so much in terms of mod ethics and technicality and we thank them. Specially Dheu which without him, this would have been impossible. Wherever they are, I wish them a healthy and happy life. and special thanks to the community for sticking around with us for so long. Thank you. You made all of this possible.
     

